feat(bigTent slo): Custom Validate function for big tent SLO schema (#2016)
grafana/terraform-provider-grafana: docs/resources/slo.md

## Example Usage

### Ratio

> ```terraform

Reviewer: praise: we've been meaning to swap / fix this for awhile. Not part of big-tent, but a good improvement

}
```

### Grafana Queries - Any supported datasource

Grafana Queries use the grafana_queries field. It expects a JSON string list of valid grafana query JSON objects.
For additional help, view our [documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/alerting-and-irm/slo/).

```terraform
resource "grafana_slo" "test" {
  name        = "Terraform Testing"
  description = "Terraform Description"
  query {
    grafana_queries {
      grafana_queries = jsonencode([
        {
          datasource : {
            "type" : "graphite",
            "uid" : "datasource-uid"
          },
          refId : "Success",

>           target : "groupByNode(perSecond(web.*.http.2xx_success.*.*), 3, 'avg'')"

Reviewer: issue: the extra ' char was from testing, is invalid in current form

```suggestion
          target : "groupByNode(perSecond(web.*.http.2xx_success.*.*), 3, 'avg')"
```

        },
        {
          datasource : {
            "type" : "graphite",
            "uid" : "datasource-uid"
          },
          refId : "Total",

>           target : "groupByNode(perSecond(web.*.http.5xx_errors.*.*), 3, 'avg')"

Reviewer: suggestion - 5xx errors isn't really a great "total" query, we should give a better example ... but I think we may have used this one on website too, so need to fix both

Author: Yeah this is the exact same query.

}
```

## Enterprise Datasources

Currently supported datasources: AppDynamics, Splunk, Graphite

Enterprise Datasource queries use the freeform query field. It expects a JSON string list of valid grafana query JSON objects.
For additional help, view our [documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/alerting-and-irm/slo/).

```terraform
resource "grafana_slo" "test" {
  name        = "Terraform Testing"
  description = "Terraform Description"
  query {
    grafana_queries {

>       grafana_queries = jsonencode([

Reviewer 2: issue: can we use a Big Tent SLO example that matches the format and RefID of how the frontend generates it? i.e. using the `Success` and `Total` RefIDs, so it's easier for users to follow along? the example currently used looks to be a non-standard SLO that we had used for initial testing

maybe something like this

```
[
  {
    "datasource": {
      "type": "graphite",
      "uid": "datasource-uid"
    },
    "refId": "Success",
    "target": "groupByNode(perSecond(web.*.http.2xx_success.*.*), 3, 'avg'')"
  },
  {
    "datasource": {
      "type": "graphite",
      "uid": "datasource-uid"
    },
    "refId": "Total",
    "target": "groupByNode(perSecond(web.*.http.5xx_errors.*.*), 3, 'avg')"
  },
  {
    "datasource": {
      "type": "__expr__",
      "uid": "__expr__"
    },
    "expression": "$Success / $Total",
    "refId": "Expression",
    "type": "math"
  }
]
```

        key   = "description"
        value = "Error budget is burning too fast"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> For a list of currently supported datasources review the [documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/alerting-and-irm/slo/set-up/additionaldatasources/#supported-data-sources).

Reviewer: nit / suggestion: most of our docs seem to try to have more informative link titles than "docs" (though I say "docs" internally all the time)

```suggestion
For a complete list, see [supported data sources](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/alerting-and-irm/slo/set-up/additionaldatasources/#supported-data-sources).
```
